Outcome Scenes Beginner Level:
1.You are boosted up the side wall and sneak your way through the building. You are narrowly spotted but the guards are called off by something else. You arrive at Lighten's Lair to find he is in a room filled with orcs. At that same moment you hear Orcs yelling and screaming everywhere and figure out that your allies have started multiple fires as a diversion. You quickly hide and all the orcs run to the burning building while Lighten stays behind, alone. You sneak in and take him out without a sound. It takes you all night to sneak your way out of the city but by morning you are a hero. The orcs are mindless without a leader and their threat is now nonexistent. Good has overcome evil!
2. You are soon spotted by an orc on watch. He shoots you with an arrow and you die three days later. Your elite team was immediately discovered by the orcs and imprisoned for the rest of their lives. The trolls, dwarves, elves, wizards, and humans lived out terrible lives under the reign of Lighten.
3. When you finally returned with a horse, it was too late, Lighten was gone. The battlefield was eerily quiet, the orc army reduced to ashes and ruin. For now, the danger has been averted, and peace has been restored. The remaining orc forces were swiftly dealt with, their threat extinguished with precision and force. Yet, something strange occurred. Some of the orc armies seemed to vanish without a trace. Their whereabouts remain a mystery, and no one knows where they went or what became of them. The realm of good stands victorious. But we are fearful the orc armies are growing stronger each day.
4. When you got to Lighten's lair he was gone. The orc army has been destroyed and the threat is neutralized ... for now. The rest of the orc hordes were taken care of swiftly and efficiently. The forces of good have succeeded for a while. I wonder how things would have turned out if we did something different, oh well.",
5. By the time you made it back to fortress you all but lost hope when you noticed some men running in the same direction you saw Lighten go. Once you land they tell you they found the horse's tracks. You quickly fly ahead looking for anything you can see. You notice that once the river is crossed the clearing turns into a heavily wooded forest. You spot in the corner of your eye some movement, you fly closer. You discover a horse riding away from small hill without a rider. You quickly land at that hill and face Lighten himself. It is the most epic battle ever told. But in the end it was inevitable. Good conquered evil. Yay!

Outcome Scenes Intermediate Level:
1. You nuked the AI capital of the world. The AI overlord has been destroyed. 3/4 of the population of the world dies and 3/4 of the land on Earth will be uninhabitable for at least 20 years. The sorrow and grief of your people will never be forgotten, but the human race will live on!
2. You shot and hit 1, 2, 3 robots, holding them off. You're in so much pain but you continue to turn around to upload the virus. You hear a gunshot and you fall lifelessly to the ground. As darkness surrounds you, a chilling silence falls, broken only by a distant, echoing voice.
3. You slowly open your eyes to see darkness all around you. There are words slowly falling downwards before your eyes. They say, 'You sacrificed yourself to save mankind. The virus uploaded and began to eat away at the AI overlord. Your allies were able to shut down the power to the city, to ensure AI could never return. The human race still thrives to this day in a simpler, unplugged life. Everyone will keep you in their memory, for your bravery and their gratitude.'
4. You kept walking until you are swept up by a large amount of flowing liquid, you fell down a large pit and died. The last of the humans either escaped Earth or became Artificial Intelligence slaves for the rest of their lives.

Outcome Scenes Advanced Level:
1. You successfully made it to the roof and are lowering everyone down. You are halfway done when some zombies have made it to your allies. You and your team fend most of them off as you get to the car. The car won't start. Your car slowly gets broken into and everyone is infected.
2. The explosives went off and the house blew up. The zombie horde was killed. Your allies made it out safely and traveled by ship to find a northern civilization. They have a deep gratitude for what you have done for them.
3. The pilot begins steering plane until one of the propellers stop working. The pilot is doing his best to manage the plane until it broke in half. No one survived the crash.            
4. You and your allies made it to Canada safely and are relieved to finally be safe. As long as you live you and your team will do whatever it takes to stop this pandemic.

Outcome Scenes Nightmare Level:
1. You get the knife from the kitchen and conceal it in your pocket, hoping she didn't notice. You get to the directing office and it is empty. You get in and begin clearing the room as normal, you go behind agent Rose and take her out without a sound. You lock up the room and begin displaying your message of rebellion all across the city excluding the capitol building. Shortly before the message is over security breaks into the office and arrests you. The message of the rebellion worked! There were riots in every place of work. People began to stand up for themselves. The government crumbled and freedom was once more.   
2. You successfully locked Agent Rose out of the room and tried to get the broadcast running as quick as possible. The broadcast is working! Shortly after Agent Rose breaks into the room, you fight back but she gets the upper hand and cuffs you with your hands behind your back. The broadcast is stopped 30 seconds in. You ended up in jail and were killed for your crimes. Some people began to rebel as a result of the video but it wasn't enough. With discipline and sheer force they kept the people in line and the dystopian civilization lived on.
3. You made it into what appears to be the garage. You open the nearest door. There is a room full of agents that take you out, deeming you a traitor of the government.
4. You made it into what appears to be the garage and you see the elevator. You change clothes to appear like a garbageman and begin your ascent in the elevator. Once you have made it to the right floor you go through the floor emptying all of the trash cans. Finally, you see Griffin's office. But you need a distraction. You pull a fire alarm and quickly hurry out of sight. Griffin is leaving the room last when you pull out your gun and tell him to stay behind. You were able to topple the government and bring freedom to all.

Outcome Scenes Impossible Level:
1. The drilling is successful. It is taking longer than expected but we are getting through to the core of the meteorite. You deployed the bomb successfully. We only have 33 seconds until we need to detonate the bomb. We hurry back to the spaceship and launch immediately. We need to detonate the bomb but we're not sure if we are far enough away. The bomb is deployed. Debris hit the spaceship, we are hurrying back to Earth. The spaceship is falling apart as we enter the atmosphere. The parachute deployed successfully, we are going to be ok! Earth is saved!
2. Great idea, Estonia has some of the best air quality in the world and can support a large growth of nature to help regrow the planet. We need to act quick to get the resources to begin digging. During construction another 1 billion people have lost their lives to pollution. The entire country of Estonia and other costal islands with good air quality now have self-sustaining underground civilizations. Thank you for saving us!
3. We deployed all of the world's best resources to evacuate everyone from Shanghai, China. Russia began flying their bombers all over the world. There were too many planes to keep track of over Asia until the bomb was finally dropped on Shanghai. You saved the lives of over 28 million people. We are forever in your debt. Thank you for saving these lives!
4. You have successfully lead the mission to refreeze the southern ice cap. We need to immediately begin on doing the same for the northern polar ice cap. There is still a lot of work to do, recovering sunken land, restoring homes, restoring businesses, restoring animal habitats, and minimizing greenhouse gases. Thank you for helping the planet!